Update information for rebuilt v3 node (#2)
Memphis-Mesh/Memphis-Mesh.github.io: docs/nodes.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Nodes

## Medical District v3 MemphisMesh.com (medi)

> [View !27ef756b  on meshmap.net](https://meshmap.net/#670004587).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[View !27ef756b on meshmap.net](https://meshmap.net/#670004587).
```

| [![Medical District Node](../static/img/med_district_1.jpg)](../static/img/med_district_1.jpg) | [![Medical District Installation](../static/img/med_district_2.jpg)](../static/img/med_district_2.jpg) |
| --- | --- |

This node provides great coverage in the medical district, downtown, and in the neighborhoods nearby. The closer you get to the I-240 loop, the more marginal performance becomes, though rooftop nodes can consistently get connections.

This node is configured for MediumFast preset and the default channel 0 with key `AQ==`.

### Hardware

This node is built using the guts of a NEBRA miner and is centered around a Raspberry Pi. It is powered via PoE and housed in a metal enclosure. The system features a 1W LoRa HAT for increased transmission power and includes a GPS module for location services, along with a SIM card slot for potential cellular connectivity.

> A key component is the Airframes cavity filter, tuned to the MediumFast channel plan, which helps reduce interference and improve signal quality. The node is connected to a Diamond 900 MHz antenna, optimized for performance in the 900 MHz band, providing reliable omnidirectional coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key component is the Airframes cavity filter, tuned to the MediumFast modem preset, which helps reduce interference and improve signal quality. The node is connected to a Diamond 900 MHz antenna, optimized for performance in the 900 MHz band, providing reliable omnidirectional coverage.
```
